.vim/bundle/vim-fugitive/README.markdown, before:

# fugitive.vim

I'm not going to lie to you; fugitive.vim may very well be the best
Git wrapper of all time.  Check out these features:

View any blob, tree, commit, or tag in the repository with `:Gedit` (and
`:Gsplit`, `:Gvsplit`, `:Gtabedit`, ...).  Edit a file in the index and
write to it to stage the changes.  Use `:Gdiff` to bring up the staged
version of the file side by side with the working tree version and use
Vim's diff handling capabilities to stage a subset of the file's
changes.

Bring up the output of `git status` with `:Gstatus`.  Press `-` to
`add`/`reset` a file's changes, or `p` to `add`/`reset` `--patch` that
mofo.  And guess what `:Gcommit` does!

`:Gblame` brings up an interactive vertical split with `git blame`
output.  Press enter on a line to edit the commit where the line
changed, or `o` to open it in a split.  When you're done, use `:Gedit`
in the historic buffer to go back to the work tree version.

`:Gmove` does a `git mv` on a file and simultaneously renames the
buffer.  `:Gremove` does a `git rm` on a file and simultaneously deletes
the buffer.

Use `:Ggrep` to search the work tree (or any arbitrary commit) with
`git grep`, skipping over that which is not tracked in the repository.
`:Glog` loads all previous revisions of a file into the quickfix list so
you can iterate over them and watch the file evolve!

`:Gread` is a variant of `git checkout -- filename` that operates on the
buffer rather than the filename.  This means you can use `u` to undo it
and you never get any warnings about the file changing outside Vim.
`:Gwrite` writes to both the work tree and index versions of a file,
making it like `git add` when called from a work tree file and like
`git checkout` when called from the index or a blob in history.

Use `:Gbrowse` to open the current file on GitHub, with optional line
range (try it in visual mode!).  If your current repository isn't on
GitHub, `git instaweb` will be spun up instead.

Add `%{fugitive#statusline()}` to `'statusline'` to get an indicator
with the current branch in (surprise!) your statusline.

Last but not least, there's `:Git` for running any arbitrary command,
and `Git!` to open the output of a command in a temp file.

## Screencasts

* [A complement to command line git](http://vimcasts.org/e/31)
* [Working with the git index](http://vimcasts.org/e/32)
* [Resolving merge conflicts with vimdiff](http://vimcasts.org/e/33)
* [Browsing the git object database](http://vimcasts.org/e/34)
* [Exploring the history of a git repository](http://vimcasts.org/e/35)

## Installation

If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend
installing [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and
then simply copy and paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone git://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git

Once help tags have been generated, you can view the manual with
`:help fugitive`.

If your Vim version is below 7.2, I recommend also installing
[vim-git](https://github.com/tpope/vim-git) for syntax highlighting and
other Git niceties.

## FAQ

> I installed the plugin and started Vim.  Why don't any of the commands
> exist?

Fugitive cares about the current file, not the current working
directory.  Edit a file from the repository.

> I opened a new tab.  Why don't any of the commands exist?

Fugitive cares about the current file, not the current working
directory.  Edit a file from the repository.

> Why is `:Gbrowse` not using the right browser?

`:Gbrowse` delegates to `git web--browse`, which is less than perfect
when it comes to finding the right browser.  You can tell it the correct
browser to use with `git config --global web.browser ...`.  On OS X, for
example, you might want to set this to `open`.  See `git web--browse --help`
for details.

> Here's a patch that automatically opens the quickfix window after
> `:Ggrep`.

This is a great example of why I recommend asking before patching.
There are valid arguments to be made both for and against automatically
opening the quickfix window.  Whenever I have to make an arbitrary
decision like this, I ask what Vim would do.  And Vim does not open a
quickfix window after `:grep`.

Luckily, it's easy to implement the desired behavior without changing
fugitive.vim.  The following autocommand will cause the quickfix window
to open after any grep invocation:

    autocmd QuickFixCmdPost *grep* cwindow

## Self-Promotion

Like fugitive.vim? Follow the repository on
[GitHub](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) and vote for it on
[vim.org](http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975).  And if
you're feeling especially charitable, follow [tpope](http://tpo.pe/) on
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/tpope) and
[GitHub](https://github.com/tpope).

## License

Copyright (c) Tim Pope.  Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself.
See `:help license`.

Commit message:

Updated vim plugins, hopefully more up-to-date with vim 8

.vim/bundle/vim-fugitive/README.markdown, after:

# fugitive.vim

I'm not going to lie to you; fugitive.vim may very well be the best
Git wrapper of all time.  Check out these features:

View any blob, tree, commit, or tag in the repository with `:Gedit` (and
`:Gsplit`, `:Gvsplit`, `:Gtabedit`, ...).  Edit a file in the index and
write to it to stage the changes.  Use `:Gdiff` to bring up the staged
version of the file side by side with the working tree version and use
Vim's diff handling capabilities to stage a subset of the file's
changes.

Bring up the output of `git status` with `:Gstatus`.  Press `-` to
`add`/`reset` a file's changes, or `p` to `add`/`reset` `--patch`.  And guess
what `:Gcommit` does!

`:Gblame` brings up an interactive vertical split with `git blame`
output.  Press enter on a line to edit the commit where the line
changed, or `o` to open it in a split.  When you're done, use `:Gedit`
in the historic buffer to go back to the work tree version.

`:Gmove` does a `git mv` on a file and simultaneously renames the
buffer.  `:Gremove` does a `git rm` on a file and simultaneously deletes
the buffer.

Use `:Ggrep` to search the work tree (or any arbitrary commit) with
`git grep`, skipping over that which is not tracked in the repository.
`:Glog` loads all previous revisions of a file into the quickfix list so
you can iterate over them and watch the file evolve!

`:Gread` is a variant of `git checkout -- filename` that operates on the
buffer rather than the filename.  This means you can use `u` to undo it
and you never get any warnings about the file changing outside Vim.
`:Gwrite` writes to both the work tree and index versions of a file,
making it like `git add` when called from a work tree file and like
`git checkout` when called from the index or a blob in history.

Use `:Gbrowse` to open the current file on GitHub, with optional line
range (try it in visual mode!).  If your current repository isn't on
GitHub, `git instaweb` will be spun up instead.

Add `%{fugitive#statusline()}` to `'statusline'` to get an indicator
with the current branch in (surprise!) your statusline.

Last but not least, there's `:Git` for running any arbitrary command,
and `Git!` to open the output of a command in a temp file.

## Screencasts

* [A complement to command line git](http://vimcasts.org/e/31)
* [Working with the git index](http://vimcasts.org/e/32)
* [Resolving merge conflicts with vimdiff](http://vimcasts.org/e/33)
* [Browsing the git object database](http://vimcasts.org/e/34)
* [Exploring the history of a git repository](http://vimcasts.org/e/35)

## Installation

If you don't have a preferred installation method, one option is to install
[pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and then copy
and paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone git://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git
    vim -u NONE -c "helptags vim-fugitive/doc" -c q

If your Vim version is below 7.2, I recommend also installing
[vim-git](https://github.com/tpope/vim-git) for syntax highlighting and
other Git niceties.

## FAQ

> I installed the plugin and started Vim.  Why don't any of the commands
> exist?

Fugitive cares about the current file, not the current working
directory.  Edit a file from the repository.

> I opened a new tab.  Why don't any of the commands exist?

Fugitive cares about the current file, not the current working
directory.  Edit a file from the repository.

> Why is `:Gbrowse` not using the right browser?

`:Gbrowse` delegates to `git web--browse`, which is less than perfect
when it comes to finding the right browser.  You can tell it the correct
browser to use with `git config --global web.browser ...`.  On OS X, for
example, you might want to set this to `open`.  See `git web--browse --help`
for details.

> Here's a patch that automatically opens the quickfix window after
> `:Ggrep`.

This is a great example of why I recommend asking before patching.
There are valid arguments to be made both for and against automatically
opening the quickfix window.  Whenever I have to make an arbitrary
decision like this, I ask what Vim would do.  And Vim does not open a
quickfix window after `:grep`.

Luckily, it's easy to implement the desired behavior without changing
fugitive.vim.  The following autocommand will cause the quickfix window
to open after any grep invocation:

    autocmd QuickFixCmdPost *grep* cwindow

## Self-Promotion

Like fugitive.vim? Follow the repository on
[GitHub](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) and vote for it on
[vim.org](http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975).  And if
you're feeling especially charitable, follow [tpope](http://tpo.pe/) on
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/tpope) and
[GitHub](https://github.com/tpope).

## License

Copyright (c) Tim Pope.  Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself.
See `:help license`.
